okay well hello hello everyone
we are gonna start our webinar in just a
couple moments we're gonna give people
time
to get in the room um but while we do
that
we could tell you a little bit about
ourselves allison do you want to kick it
off
sure um hi everybody my name is alison
murdock i
am working with the saster team on
sponsor marketing
and um i want to say first thank you so
much for joining us today we
appreciate your support and your
commitment to the sastra community and
we're really excited to tell you about
what we're planning for this fall and so
i'm going to turn over
in just a minute um a lot of the
presentation to um amelia we just heard
from i'm the vp of
events and marketing at saster um but
as we um get into
what we're going to cover today perhaps
amelia if you're ready you can go to the
next slide
i'll walk you through um just some of
the high points we do want to leave a
lot of time
for your questions at the end so we'll
be mindful
um that we're starting just two minutes
after 10 but we'll leave we'll leave it
at least 15 minutes for all your
comments
so the first thing we're going to cover
today is the digital events calendar for
the rest of the year
we'll touch a little bit about a little
bit on 2021
um and we'll take you through some of
the numbers and
how our community is grown despite
what's happening in the world
um and what you can expect from digital
events
and we'll also cover a new offering we
have called hyper workshops which
are as cool as it sounds and then
um the content for the two events this
fall
and then finally uh we'll wrap with a
a kind of a seven point
uh tip sheet from me um my i'm a
uh cmo and uh have sponsored many events
some digital some real
um but some tips that we've seen working
for other people
about how to maximize your participation
so um that
and then after that we'll take all of
your questions
so um at this point i'll kick it over to
amelia to talk about
uh the next few events in the saster
calendar
yeah thanks alison um so for those of
you who
may not know me i feel like i've emailed
with a lot of you just looking at the
attendee names
uh but i'm amelia bara i'm the
vp of marketing and plus events and some
other things here at faster
um so many of you i think have probably
emailed with myself or my team
um i've been to many many disaster
events
um obviously the world has changed a bit
this year for us for 2020
and so we just thought it would be nice
to walk you guys through
obviously like what we're thinking now
the world has obviously changed in the
last
90 days so a bit about us i think
most of you on this call have been a
past sponsor or have talked to somebody
on our team
so as you know like the in-person events
have been stasher's core
product if you will for the last few
years um
the 2020 annual was going to be our
sixth sasser annual
and by all means i can tell you it would
have been perfect and you all would have
loved it
um but you know being in early march as
faster tries to be sort of the
first b2b sas conference meetup
of the year we unfortunately got swept
up into the wave of kovid
and had to postpone which you know now
there's a lot of research about like any
events that happen
in those last sort of weeks of march
were hubs for covid so i'm glad we all
did the right thing to keep
all of you guys as sponsors safe and
your you know your teams and your
companies as well as our
many many attendees i think as most of
you know sasser has a really
large international community which you
know has
hit the international community before
it hit the us so
i think we are all glad that you're all
staying safe and well during these
turbulent times um so what we've sort of
done in the last
90 days to shift what we're doing off of
in-person events just as we're all
sheltering in place and working towards
a safer tomorrow
is doing what we call digital mega
events so
we've hosted two of these already we did
the first one in april it was called
bridging the gap many of you may have
attended this was focused
on what founders and ceos and the
leadership teams
can do now to bridge the gap in the
downturn so this covered everything from
fundraising
to hiring to product marketing um and
you know vp of sales hiring etc so
that was bridging the gap we had over 15
000 virtual attendees
sign up for this it was uber popular we
had you know
stuart batterfield from slackspoke megan
eisenberg from trip actions
and it was super well attended and that
was honestly just an experiment for us
to see if people would come to a sastra
digital event obviously a lot of people
are doing their own hosted webinars
online workshops amas and so we did that
as a sort of an experiment to see if our
core audience and our assessor community
would want to attend something digital
and if they would even sign up since now
you know there is a lot of digital
events and we found
okay people will sign up for this and
they will attend if we make
really good content so then we did
another one
just last month or a couple weeks ago
actually it's called the new new
adventure
this one was focused primarily on ceos
who are fundraising and we had a lot of
top-tier vc's
so alien lee from cowboy ventures you
know david sacks from kraft
um kiefer boy from founders fund and
this is also very well attended and gave
people the inside scoop
on what's happening and fundraising
right now since obviously
a lot has changed in kovid and they're
what we call coveted beneficiaries and
you know with sort of a trendsetter in
an event
of setting the landscape and the trends
of what people are seeing
and so that one was also well attended
so then we took the data from the two of
these which
we'll go over in the next slide um and
decide we'll
we'll do two more of these digital omega
events
for the next two quarters and then
obviously you know add more
depending on any restrictions and how
the world is of sheltering and just
having and hosting
safe events so the next two we're going
to do which we'll talk about a lot today
because i know a lot of you are curious
to hear what we're doing going forward
so that you guys can participate is
we'll do
two of these digital mega events the
first one will be staff for enterprise
which we'll dive into
um this is if you guys remember we were
going to do a cxo summit
as part of the sas range in person this
year we are moving this
to a digital mega event which actually
opens it up for more sponsors than we
originally were going to have in person
um but this is
solely focused on you know the top cios
cxos and thousands of enterprise
ceos um sharing how to scale
specifically in the enterprise today and
that will have an
exclusive networking component which
we'll dive into and then the annual will
host in september
as a completely digital event so annual
at home as we're calling it will be
september 2nd and 3rd it will be our
sixth
saster annual um just digital this year
with everything going on in the world
but it'll be two full days you know
we'll have a ton of workshops a lot
of mentoring sessions since now it's
digital we can actually run
our mentoring sessions a bit longer
which is great um
so that is our next schedule of events
so as we've mentioned we've done two of
these
digital events now we wanted to share
what we've been seeing in terms of
numbers and attending engagement
um from the sasford community since
obviously there's been this explosion of
digital events and sort of how we're
setting the trend
amongst them so between the two events
we hosted in april and may
we had over 25 000 people register
we had about 47 audience engagement and
our audience is still
our core audience so many of you have
seen this chart here of like our
audience's role
it actually we actually got more ceos
and founders in doing digital so that
percentage went up i think it used to be
closer to like
35 now it's 40 ceos and founders
um 22 sales and marketing so these are
like
at the vp cmo cro sort of level
um a high percentage of investors
obviously as you know the session
community has
vc focused content we do a lot of vc
matchmaking
so not a surprise there that we have a
lot of global vcs coming
now to our digital events um a lot you
know product and ops obviously these are
like the operators that are out there
building the products scaling the
products day to day in
the weeds in the system and then lastly
cs
um because we do have some content
obviously that's focused on customer
success net retention
etc um we did put a snapshot here of who
who sort of attends our events right now
that they're digital um
it's you know all the top sas companies
are listed here
you know more enterprise focused
companies are listed here so
we're saying that now that it is digital
it's it's our core audience but just
magnified like 10x since we can reach
even more people
through a digital format which is great
um and our purchasing power is still
really strong so over half of these
attendees
were vp level or above so again like vp
cmo ceo founder that's our core audience
now still even with a higher ratio of
attendees than we would an in-person
event
um so super strong numbers i think it's
nice to see that our core audience is
being magnified
through these digital events um you know
we've had
several several sponsors who
participated in our last
two digital events um since we do
session registration and we have you
know we have such a high level of
attendees and we
we have everyone say what session they
want to go to
there's a really high number of opt-ins
so a lot of our sponsors which
will show you like the breakdown of the
numbers in just a couple moments but a
lot of our sponsor had over 4 000 opt-in
registers which is great you know
you have 4 000 people registering you
have a few thousand show up for your
session
that's a lot of hand raisers and a great
way to replace your pipeline that you
might be missing right now
since in-person events are not allowed
to happen so
really great engagement there and
something we do that we'll show you guys
is we we live stream these out um
so we live stream these out to our
bigger social media audiences obviously
sasser has a really great social media
following
as many of you know so it is our founder
jason um so we simulcast out any of our
digital events to our social media
channels
and we have a really crazy amount of
viewers tune into that as well by doing
the simulcast
um which i think is just out of
engagement and added you know brand
awareness for you guys
which is really a plus because we
already sort of have this built-in
social media audience and following um
so
to introduce this idea and really
capitalize on what we've seen has worked
for our sponsors in our past
two events we're introducing this
concept of hyper events for our next two
digital mega events so this is both for
sastra enterprise
and annual at home we added hyper
workshops
and this is because out of you know the
experiments that we kind of run in our
last two digital events
we saw that hyper workshops delivered
the most value
to our core sponsors and was something
that they could get behind it was
turnkey was really easy for them to do
amidst you know i know a lot of you are
having to redo your business plans read
through your go to market strategy
you know look at your hiring plan really
strategically now like
this is something like i know like a lot
of you are adjusting
your q3 q4 plans like this was easy for
our sponsors to understand and really
get
like our core audience and who we are
and what we do so this is why we added
the hyper workshops
um because it's really easy for you guys
for sure to
get the value out of it immediately like
you'll have a date you'll know
you know you have a certain number of
opt-in registrants you'll have attendees
i'll show you in a minute but we play
them on faster.com after and we
continually promote them on social um so
it's really good both like
day of digital content and long tail
content that lives on faster.com
so this is where we've seen the most
value and we had really great feedback
from our
current sponsors who did it on this so
we've created these
hyper workshops as we call them we like
to launch them as soon as session reg
launches for one of our digital mega
events
it's obviously really good to you know
work with our team have your content
ready like a really great speaker
a really great topic which we can work
with you guys on
and have it launched as soon as we
launch session right so that you get the
most amount of opt-ins
we do launch this you know a few weeks
prior to the actual event so that as
people are registering
and momentum builds for the event itself
you can capitalize on the number of
people and i've also are seeing the
speaker
the content you know the topic creates
some excitement
um so we do think you know getting in at
the at the launch is the best we have
had
other sponsors you know who for some
reason or another
took their time and weren't in right at
launch and they still got a really good
amount of leads but obviously not as
many as you do
when you get in at the forefront so um
getting them in the agenda
super important to keep in mind for
these hyper workshops
they're basically a 20 minute workshop
as you know so just 20 minutes you know
um speaking about a subject matter that
the speaker is an expert on you know
again like i said we'll work with your
team on like
what our audience is really looking for
in terms of like topics and content and
speakers
um and then we play them out
like i said dav and then we also put
them up on our youtube so it gets
additional views across our youtube
we simulcast it on youtube live
we also write these out as blog posts
following the event
so we have a set event and video
schedule
um that i'll let allison go over a bit
um
but these are really great because they
get more social media impressions
this is one that brex did from last
year's
um annual event but you can see it got
like not only did it get like the day of
views but it also got long tail views
from being on our website yeah and um i
i
think that this as a as a marketer this
is incredibly valuable
because um you know the difference
between and you know
we are in the live events business but
but really a key difference
is um sometimes with live events you
know you
finish your talk one you don't really
know who's in the room but then
your talk is done and hopefully you'll
get the recording in three to four weeks
but this is instantaneous so we can
start marketing and remarketing the
content but not only
are we marketing it to our community of
thousands and thousands of people all
over the world but you also have the
asset
to um republish remarket yourself so
you're you have an opportunity to
capture even more views
uh more impressions more leads from the
content that
we're working on together with you um
and maybe you want let me
go to the next one so this was one that
um zoom did i believe
um and you can see some of the spikes in
traffic there so this was
um i mean originally they started out
pretty strong and then
um they continued to get very strong
traffic all the way through so i mean
this is
months of almost a full year of content
here
so um and what what we do with this
content is not only
do we promote it on on channels like uh
you know the web or or even in our
social but also
it goes out to our newsletter so
on the next slide i think amelia may
show so this is megan eisenberg here
this was a really great talk um it was
featured in the newsletter but it was
also featured on the saster blog
with a full write-up about what the talk
was about and what are some of the key
takeaways so
um you know the at a high level what we
do is work with you
to promote your presence as for as long
as
we can and frankly that's in perpetuity
um
and then also our working with your team
to do more
with your efforts so if you want to say
hey we want to re-push
out this piece of content because we
have the launch coming up and we want to
warm
up the audience just let us know we're
happy to help
um this is part of why i'm here and
caitlyn who's not speaking today but is
part of the sponsor success team
we really want to learn from digital
events experiment
a bit with you but also really maximize
your participation and this is one of
the most exciting ways that we can do
that
and this is um just to amelia's earlier
point
every single one of these sponsors on
here i mean they're great companies
not to take away from that but they all
started early they all went
right in um the minute we launched the
event
and provided their content to us so this
is how
many opt-in registrations they got for
their session
um when because they they submitted
their content as early as possible so
one
you know one note on the sponsor success
um
uh point is that we are available to
help you with your content
to review things as you need us to um
just to get a second pair of eyes
because again we really want you to get
as many opt-in registrations as we can
because you're needing to make up a gap
right now that i know you probably have
because i would be in the same boat if i
were doing that um
and i don't know if you want to go to
the next slide amelia one quick question
that might come up is
um when are we launching i guess the
first uh
opportunity for content
yeah um so it would be
july 29th which is our sastra enterprise
event that's our next digital mega event
um sastra enterprise which i'll i'll
dive into right after i
i speak on this real quick um is um
it's a more obviously enterprise focused
event hence the name
um so it might not be the perfect fit
for everyone on this call but i do know
annual at home is a more broader that's
like our core audience
um that's a more broader fit and we're
more easily able to work with your team
on the content
not that we can't work with your team on
sastra enterprise for content but we do
need a higher level caliber of speaker
which if you guys
can't commit you know your ceo's time or
your cpo's time
um then it might not be a good fit but
if you have it you're a customer you
know ceo
that has worked really well in the past
too for when we've done that sort of
content workshop content
um so i'll dive into that next um but
just as a flyer because i know a lot of
you will ask about like what is the
digital booth until
honestly the real value of doing these
digital mega events is in the content
like that's where you're going to get
the most leads the most
exposure the most eyeballs the most hand
raisers
um you know that's where you can get
more of the value in the follow up for
your legion pipeline
i will say we do we do have
and offer the digital demos um as like
digital
boots if you will um there's no but
there's no you know construction or
seesaws required
um they're more of a digital booth where
you can give your own
little product demos you know have a
live chat have your aes on the chat
basically speak with our attendees who
are there
but again you know it's there as a value
just an add-on so that you don't feel
like you're missing out on having a
digital booth
but what we've seen with our sponsors um
and and from some of our competitors who
are doing digital events as well
the digital booth is you know not as
highly trafficked
too as the workshops obviously content
is what's bringing people in
these days especially now um so it's
sort of the flip of in-person events i
do think
in person events there's a lot of really
cool things you could do at your booth
to get people to come you know um but i
do think for
digital it's almost the reverse really
content is more important than the booth
whereas
you know in person you're like the booth
is more important than the content
so it's a bit of a flip but you know in
today's day and age
we do have it so that you feel like you
know you can still interact with
attendees who are coming
um and see who could be a fit there so
that's the digital booth but again the
content is what's more
important um so to our to our next
digital mega events and like the first
time you guys can really get it on hyper
workshops
so we are doing saster enterprise it's
july 29th so there's more than a month
and there's still time to
have a hyper workshop and you know get
in before we launch content
um which will be in about the next two
weeks so
this is focused solely around what we
call the real future of work obviously
the future of work has changed a bit
in the last 90 days um so we thought
that this would be a good theme
especially with
you know our core audience of ceos of
top b2b companies to see
what's driving innovation in the cloud
so
this is a unique event in that we're
doing it in basically
two tracks so there's one track which is
just the content and the speakers which
anyone is open to watch so we're
assuming we'll have you know thousands
of registrants like we did for our last
few events
who will attend and view the content
which includes
any sponsored hyper workshops obviously
to what i was speaking to earlier
this is one where we would really work
with your team on aligning on a speaker
because it is
enterprise focused um so a lot of people
are coming to this and some of the
topics that we already have lined up
um are around digital transformation
innovation in the enterprise how to
build
a product for the enterprise so again
it's very enterprise focused
um and it will have you know top leaders
from koopa
pagerduty etc i think domo signed on
today
so you know some really big enterprise
players will be also speaking here
um so that's the one part that is open
there's also an exclusive part that
we're doing
that sponsors would get access to which
is our exclusive
ceo cxo networking so this is something
we were again going to do for our cxo
summit in person back in march
but now we're doing it in a general
format so it is curated
invite-only networking that connects
just the very top
ceos of our audience with the cxos
in cloud who are driving innovation so
these are you know cios
ctos chief digital transformation
officers that our team has reached out
to which is not
typically our core audience our core
audience obviously is like
ceos and founders so since the cxos are
not
the core audience we did this exclusive
networking just to make it you know more
white glove more exclusive
obviously these cxos want to meet with
certain people at
companies like they want to meet with
your ceo they want to meet with your cpo
they want to meet with your cto they
don't necessarily want to meet with your
ae
so we've done this exclusive networking
just to facilitate
a bit more of an opt-in um formula for
it so that it is really people who they
want to meet and people you want to meet
and you guys can have
a more like native conversation than
just one that's about a straight you
know an ae trying to sell a product
um to a cold prospect so
that's after enterprise um the next one
that we'll have obviously
many of you know annual this is just
annual at home digitally
so this is our audience we'll do it two
days
digitally as a core event you know we'll
have both rain dates and umbrellas and
they'll be open throughout the whole
week so there'll be a lot
of chances for your team not only to get
a lot of value out of the workshops
but also out of the mentorship we've had
a lot of our sponsors who
you know have worked with our team and
really bought into the mentorship
get really great engagement and have
like actually closed deals that way um
you know because they had somebody
either on their marketing team or
somebody who was like a subject matter
expert to
you know either speed networking through
brella or do like little
talks through the brain date and like do
the mentorship there
that's actually been really great for
people's deal flow
so again like more than one way to
capitalize on this one um
in addition to the booth which like i
said for me i find that to be the third
tier because i do find it more valuable
to get connections from
the content and the mentorship but it is
there
so this will have you know again a cut a
ton of vcs
we're reconfirming all the speakers that
we had
for sasha annual who are like you know
the core speakers sort of the people
that you see on this page
um to come back and do their sessions
again so this will be how we get
um to what we're targeting of 50 000
attendees
you know we launched our last two
digital events
pretty soon like right before we did
posted them
um considering we already had over 25
000 attendees come to those two we're
thinking okay well this one's in
september we already had 15 000 people
sign up and we
just launched it literally last week and
have not promoted it yet i think like
i've written one tweet um so we're
thinking by september we'll have
50 000 projected attendees or more sign
up
and then you know a high concentration
of those people come live so
this will be annual just at home in your
in your homes
um and then i'll kick it over to allison
who can talk a bit more about the
workshops and bringing it all together
yeah so um as we were putting this
together we sort of
grabbed the team and said you know what
are we seeing work for for the sponsors
we've had so far and
and what's been our experience and so
here are kind of my top
tips so we've kind of hit home start
early several times and what i mean is
um you know when we launch um
enterprise and that will be soon we'll
start marketing it
um if you're in for that it's working
with our team as soon as you can on your
topic
um and so that we can help you prepare
and
promote your session so starting early
it's not a
you know hey two weeks before let's set
up let's talk about the booth it's it's
starting early because it's a great
opportunity
to get some pre-event marketing um
and the second point is uh
reach globally so i saw a question in
there about the global distribution
of our digital audience and how that
shakes out and i'm hoping amelia can
help me answer that question
because i don't have all the details
right here but um from what i saw
it was obviously a lot of north america
but also europe
and parts of asia so reach globally is
important because when you think about
the growth of your company to go global
is not a small venture
and um with digital events you actually
have an opportunity
to start connecting with some of those
attendees that are leaning into you
so thinking about what your strategy is
for the next few months
the next year and where you are planning
to expand
might give you an opportunity to invite
attendees to engage with you to talk
about um
your new office that's opening in
australia or
in somewhere else in southeast asia so
it's just
um something that i was thinking about
um as we were putting this together
um and there's currently what we've seen
from our stats 96
countries that have tapped in disasters
community
and the third one is probably one of the
most important points
on creating value-added content what
does that mean
that means that rather than just talk
about how great your company is or how
great your products are and i'm sure
they're all great and i'm sure all you
all are great
but the the value-added content is very
pragmatic
advice that you provide as a company
so um i think back um to megan
eisenberg's presentation
or patrick from profitwell did a great
presentation for bridging the gap
about what are some things you can do
for example to retain your customers or
be flexible in a time of pandemic what
did
trip actions have to do to pivot very
quickly from a
world in which people are flying all
over the place to oh wow we need to get
all of our people back
to the us um so it was um they were
compelling because they were authentic
they had great advice and so we highly
recommend that whatever content you're
creating
um make it actionable and make it
valuable to the attendees
um the fourth point is um you know as a
marketer when i looked at
events and what why i decided to sponsor
events um
is because one we got thought leadership
a speaking opportunity like our hyper
workshops
um but we also had the opportunity to
capture leads
um so obviously with the registrations
that's one opportunity but the digital
booth
um the virtual booths that we have you
know emilia said
it's it's different than in real life
because you can have a
hallway conversation with someone you
can give them a chat key
and get a drink later virtual events are
different but
but what they're like is a pervasive
opportunity for you to run
some of your demo videos this is the
time to show people
what how your product works to set up a
time to chat with you
in real in real time um about
a question that they may have about your
product so think of it more as a
mid-funnel opportunity
and so um you may be able with some
content you've created to capture leads
um
with so hey download this see it come
talk to us about what you thought
um you know there's probably a bunch of
ideas that i'm sure you guys could come
up with but
you know really be hustle a little bit
and be a little scrappy with this
because we're all experimenting we're
all learning what works but i think
there are multiple points where you can
capture leads
um which kind of leads me to number five
which is
um five and six kind of together which
is this is
a time to experiment um be creative
what can you do to stand out we're
promoting you on social
we're promoting on the newsletter we've
got a virtual booth you have a workshop
what offers or games or contests can you
put out that help people
interact together in a digital format i
mean this is
one of the things that most marketers
like dave gerhardt and others
have said is you know everyone's kind of
being two-sided it's zoom it's like a
webinar format well
it could be so much more and so this is
a time where
um we'd love to help you uh be creative
with with your engagement
um and and also if your team is working
remotely which i'm sure most of you are
maybe that's something that you can do
with your team have them come up with
some ideas so
we're here to help you tap into our
expertise
after this uh call today um
caitlyn and i and amelia and i will be
in communication with you about all the
deadlines and all the opportunities to
engage and we're always here for you
to be a sounding board or creative
partner as you need
um so i think that's kind of those are
my
like long-winded tips but you know i'm
really excited to
to uh help you and to um
maybe add to this list two or three more
things once we've learned
how to do it really well so with that i
think we're gonna go
to q a which i think there are a few
here um
[Music]
so amelia you're on okay great so um i
think one of the first questions here
was around um the geography so could you
maybe answer like what are the how are
you seeing the
attendee geography shaking yeah sure so
it's a it's a lot of what you mentioned
right like um obviously there's a
still high concentration of people it's
not like people in tech really moved
the last 90 days so we are
seeing right in the way that we're
seeing an amplification of our core
audience and amplification of our key
geographies which has always been you
know the americas
um obviously specifically a lot of
people in tech are still in
california new york um the hubs if you
will
so those people are still there they're
just logging in via computer versus
showing up in person
um and then you know the next ones would
be you know the apex the europe
a lot of like the london hubs uh berlin
and then
you know aipac events as well or
areas as well i should say um so that's
that's that's basically still just an
amplification of our core audience
right um
so the next question um is around
the content and how long we're promoting
it i'm happy to take
that one and what channels um so as we
pointed out before
um once we get your content and you know
we have your session
um you know it's it's on the site in
perpetuity so if you go to saster.com
right now and you look up
one of the past speakers you'll probably
see multiple links for their content
so um we push those out through all of
our channels
um and you know one of the things that
we do for sponsors for example um this
will come through some of our
communications is if let's say you're
doing a product launch around the time
of saster annual
and that's going to be some maybe some
capacity in some capacity it's featured
in one of your workshops
um then you know get us that content we
can
help promote that on social before the
event after during so every sponsor will
have a level of sponsor
of social promotion in addition to what
we're already doing
but you know the short answer is as you
saw with the zoom example that was
almost a year of promotion
that was just it was on the site and
then we would resurface the content as
as it was relevant to some of the
discussions we were having in our
community
yeah so quantifiably right like the
first time
you guys participate in an event it's
obviously heavier promotion right when
the content comes out so
post event you know we share it as a
as a youtube video first and then
we do post one per week on sasser.com so
you know depending on how many sessions
there were from our particular digital
event
we'll have like a set calendar of like
one video will come out as a blog post
per week so when that blog post comes
out is the week that is also promoted in
the newsletter once
um and then after that right we do
ongoing social media promotions so
at the start it's like one on each
channel and then afterwards it's like
multiple times just depending on
what's relevant to today's topics um
popularity you know we do a lot of
data-driven posting on our social media
so we see what's working
um and then yeah that's how you know
brex and zoom ended up with an
additional five thousand three thousand
views
um because we just continually promote
this content but it is
obviously more at the start and then
long wind it's just
it goes into our evergreen key of
content that's promoted
um there was a question as well on um
how
you know with the digital booth um how
to get more traffic
um and so um that that's a you know it's
a great question
um because i think it forces us to think
our
shift our thinking a little bit about
what a booth means
and so um as a sponsor you have a
workshop so
one idea would be um your you have your
workshop talk and then you say at our
booth from this time
this time we'll have the ceo and here to
answer your questions you can do some
chat
um you can say oh at two o'clock we have
this
um we have the winners of this contest
like it's really about kind of promoting
what you have at your booth and giving
people reasons to go um this is
something that we're still
brainstorming a little bit on and so
over the course of the
time between now and the time of the
event um we'll
definitely be following up to provide
some creative tips um
based on the um how we know we can
engage with the platform that we're
using
um so a little bit more to come on that
end
awesome well i think that's all for our
questions
um i hope this was helpful for you guys
especially you know we'd love to hear
your feedback you know reach out to
myself or the team i'm just amelia at
saskarink you can literally email me
whenever
um there's actually on the next slide i
think there's
an email there's the email there's some
quotes
some good social proof that we got from
our first two digital events and we'll
send you guys this deck
um yeah you can email me um or you can
email sponsor success at fast rank but
either way
we'll read it and you know again this is
something that we experimented with for
our first two digital mega events
um and now that we're going full full
force on them
um yeah always open to hearing feedback
and suggestions i know we're talking to
a lot of you already about this
um and how to make it more value-added
for you
but like we said you know working with
our team on the content is usually the
best way because we
we know our audience this is our
audience in our community that we
that we serve every day um so usually
that works
a bit better but thanks guys for joining
us let us know if you have any questions
in the meantime
and we hope we can see you at one of our
digital events upcoming